  i. The task I chose was maze solving. 
     URL: https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Maze_solving

 ii. All of the languages I saw that completed this were 11l, Action!, Ada, 
     AutoHotkey, BBC BASIC, C, C#, C++, Clojure, D, Delphi, EasyLang, EGL,
     Emacs Lisp, Erlang, FreeBASIC, Frege, Go, Haskell, Icon and Unicon, J, 
     Java, JavaScript, Julia, Kotlin, Mathematica /Wolfram Language, Nim, Perl,
     Phix, Picat, PicoLisp, Prolog, PureBasic, Python, Racket, Raku, Red, Ruby,
     Rust, Swift, Tcl, Uiua, Wren, and zkl.

iii. The language I liked the most was Kotlin. The readibility is very similar
     to languages I've seen which also helps the writability. I felt like it 
     was easier to understand than some other languages. It also introduced 
     cool things like no semi-colons and to be able to use multiple cases in
     one if statement rather than doing several else ifs.

 iv. I did not like zkl at all. The readibility and writibility is not very
     good. It is difficult to tell what was happening. For some of the syntax,
     it was hard to tell if something was a pair or two variables seperated by
     a comma. I can't imagine code like this is reliable when it's hard to read
     and write like this.

  v. I think Python is actually the best option to implement this task. It 
     has very good readibility and writability. It is easy to understand how
     the task is completed and understand it. If you already know Dijkstra's 
     method then it is very easy to replicate. It is pretty cool that with 
     this language you can actually implement Dijkstra's without having to 
     jump through a bunch of extra hoops like in C++ for example.

 vi. I think the worst choice for this task might be C++. The readibility and
     writibility get really complex and it is very hard to tell what is going
     on throughout the program. C++ also does not easily allow something like 
     a BFS, DFS, or Dijkstra's to be easily implemented to complete this task.
     Although C++ can run very fast, I don't think the tradeoffis worth it. I'd
     rather go with something simpler to implement and replicate.